Welcome to the semi
Although it is today about the two
thing i want the youth once
fireworks spec diablo 2 introduce from
weco fireworks and is from 12 costs 2
euro in the tv and is just class 1 look
sometimes courageous approx
because you can not see bad on the
camera 119 gram and nominal value 17 5
gramme so is a job in order
and of course the sign on it then
Here we have my new lighter
and that is from the hellweg that is
a mini gas burner I make you do
that and can always something about it
and have one for me
bought propane gas bottle so is whole
in order
then let's start here with me
anyway just a bit then we catch
time to unpack
So here we have the set and can
now from unpacked and occupy
everything just again tight balls young
fireworks three pieces of nico pops
devil twice
and 40 each 50 pieces then I have
still tolerate and smoother fritze
then we all look at it
we have the natter fritzen here once
from lego let's go on why
I hope that gives to me I have
the light on it is always so me
I looked at video as it was all
a little bit different
he was still silver twirling and so in there
so flattr fritze look like the like
so a bit together and apart
this is how you look out of the climbing hole
also sung the villapark definitely
case of a climbing fritz then we have
here once so the fleet bee in
reality and they still have that
the red label still have the red one
label is the new one you can get it
from w co
but his kölner ignition cord nothing
special and yes that's just the
Great offer now complete education
that the latter is in here
Oh yes, we have the fourth today
14 10
that means I already have three months
bought before
this is how the children look stable
can look like the inside
looks are comet the comet in it
committee coni committee committee that is
stop in there and see you then
at the same time igniting all the things
and then we'll see you soon
again with the micro 21 and I try
now somehow to twitch in any case
until the same and
we are watching simon shoes right now
cool shoes the things sunrise number
the great bina great stage show
Limina visit in arrears
not so is now the
close to scratch on the know
probably many people and now
just kindle
instead of having to be really horny yourself
we do not say
So good from the same relationship
a thing on the side
old what met me
they were really cool if you do not
good is the scant balls from weco
Fireworks
everything was with me it probably does not know
3 canada fritzen with me is
there is only one use registration card camera
The other two are still very much
complex
yes that was soon